# mini-project-Earthquakes are one of the most overwhelming types of natural hazards.  Due to earthquakes, many lives can be lost, alongside devastating impacts to the economy. The ability to forecast earthquakes is one of the biggest issues in geoscience. The recent evolution of induced seismicity in Central United States calls for exhaustive catalogs to improve seismic hazard assessment. Over the last decades, the volume of seismic data has increased exponentially, creating a need for efficient algorithms to reliably detect and locate geolocation of  earthquakes. The majority of studies are done on forecast, taking into consideration the history of earthquakes in specific countries and areas. Machine learning technology can play a vital role in the field of geoscience for forecasting earthquakes.  During this study, earthquake prediction was performed, by training different Machine Learning models on seismic data collected from a laboratory micro-earthquake simulation. Here to detect the earthquake six different machine learning algorithms have been applied on a real earthquake dataset, namely: Random Forest, Naive Bayes, Logistic Regression, AdaBoost, K-nearest neighbors and Support Vector Machine.
The idea of Proposed System is to define the magnitude of earthquake based on Latitude, Longitude and Depth. 
The model we implemented uses K-Means clustering, kNearest Neighbor, Random Forest Classifier and Support Vector Classifier.
We calculated the Results based on Confusion Matrix, Accuracy and Mean Square Error.
The accuracy of Algorithms are 97.4%,100% and 87.6%.

